a great effort bears a tangible result. testnet is perfect and running as expected, I really hope this project can provide positive things for the community when launch day arrives. I can't wait for it!

from the results of the tests I did, I can understand well the performance and objectives of this project were made as it should be. testnet is an excellent first step to take before mainnet. the team has made a good decision and it's been great. I hope the team can build this project continuously and gradually so that it can become one of the best protocols in this ecosystem.

This testnet becomes an important place as a place to learn protocols properly and perfectly. Thank you for giving us an opportunity that we may not get back as testers. As a tester, I am quite satisfied and believe that this project can develop even better later after the team has received all input from the community! the important thing for a project is to be able to receive input from the community! success always for the team.

hello thanks for this great opportunity i have tried this protocol/dapps it's great. I really like what the team has done so far, and gave us the best opportunity to try this testnet with the community! I hope that in the future this testnet will be a useful lesson for all of us and many people. success always thank you!

testnet runs flawlessly with no issues which means all features have been tested as they should be. It's been an amazing experience with the team, community and everyone involved in this project! I'm quite enjoying and excited to try this product up to this point. I have nothing to say other than "amazing" I hope we can meet another time and allow me to try your product again. it's interesting and fun.

great progress has been shown! went perfectly thanks to a great team, I am very enthusiastic and want to continue to be a part of this community. providing feedback and input to the team, related to the products made is important for us together later. I love all the features that are here to play on this testnet! what an unforgettable experience

this is a great experience! the team has created an amazing protocol for my community as a tester really appreciate the effort and hard work of the team that has built this product and gave us all a great opportunity to try it. Thank you, we hope that the team will continue to listen to input and suggestions from the community so that this project can continue to develop perfectly.

great testnet a real testament to the hard work and effort of great people! the team has the perfect ability to build protocols well. I appreciate that, really appreciate it! Moreover, the products that are made are very useful and useful for the current ecosystem. this will be a big thing and I will continue to support the team to make this protocol product one of the best


awesome project i have tried all the features. I hope this project can be even better when mainnet arrives. need to improve like UI/UX or other menu. I believe in the dev and team behind all of this! warm greetings from me.

impressed and good I like the features offered by the team, as a user I feel very comfortable and confident that this project can reach the expected point together!

I'm so happy to have tried and used your app/dapps what a great experience to be one of the people to try this! we hope what happens here will be a success on mainnet and all the hard working team i really appreciate your efforts.

This project is really great, the features are interesting and there are some things that make me really like it, namely: 1. the transaction is fast 2. Elegant and easy to use 3. the user can understand the menu perfectly 4. There are no defects in the design 5. the product runs according to what the user expects always success and hopefully it can be a promising project when mainnet arrives.